README.md, before:

# BridgeLabz_2115000281

Day1 - 19/01/25

a. Learned to print message in java.\
b. Learned to add numbers in java by taking user input.\
c. Learned to convert Celsius into Fahrenheit in java by taking user input.\
d. Learned to find area of circle in java by taking user input.\
e. Learned to find volume of cylinder in java by taking user input.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day2 - 22/01/25

a. Did basic programming\
b. Learned and practiced about user input\
c. Learnt how to code programs for area of triangle, conversions in km-miles, etc in java.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day3 - 23/01/25

a. Learnt about conditionals and solved question related to it.\ 
b. Learnt about loops - while, do-while and for loop. Also solved question.\
c. Solved queations related to operators and learnt using logical operators in loops and if-else.\
d. Solved queations on nested loops, nested if-else.\
e. Learnt about switch-case and also solved a question on it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day4 - 25/01/25

a. Learnt about arrays and it's different datatypes.\
b. learnt about properties and inbuilt-methods of array and practiced questions about it.\
c. Learnt about 2D arrays and its properties and used it to solve problems.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day5 - 28/01/25

a. Learnt about methods in java.\
b. Learnt about user-defined methods and in-built methods\
c. Used in-built methods like Math.pow, Math.random, Math.sqrt\
d. Learnt recursion and used it in the code.\
e. Did complex and lengthy codes like matrix operation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day6 - 29/01/25

a. Learnt about Strings and practiced some problems.\
b. Learnt about in-built functions of strings such as length(), charAt(), indexOf(), etc. \
c. Solved problems on strings with and without in-built functions of strings.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day7 - 31/01/25

a. Learnt about basic OOPs concepts like class, objects, encapsulation, polymorphism, etc.\
b. Solved Questions on OOPs problems\
c. Explored how Oops can be used in real development.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day8 - 02/02/25

a. Learnt difference between class variables and instance variables.\
b. Solved questions on class variables and instance variables.\
c. Learnt about "extends" keyword for inheritance and solved questions on it.\
d. Learnt about classes and subclasses while solving questions on inheritance.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day9 - 04/02/25

a. Learnt about this, static and final keywords and used them in solving questions.\
b. Learnt about instanceOf operator to check whether an object is member of a class or not.\
c. Made classes like BankAccount, Employee, Student, Book, Product, Vehicle and Patient to solve questions on
Bank Account System, Employee Management System, Student Management System, Library Management System,
Shopping Cart System,  University Student Management,  Vehicle Registration System, Hospital Management System.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day10 - 06/02/25

a. Learnt about object diagram, class diagram and sequence diagram.\
b. Practiced object, class and sequence diagrams on complex problems like School Result Application and
Grocery Store Bill Generation Application.\
c. Solved complex problems and wrote codes which involved topics like Assosiation, Aggregation and Composition on 
problems like  E-commerce Platform with Orders, Customers, and Products ;
University Management System ; Hospital Management System , Library Management System, etc. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day11 - 07/02/25

a. Learnt about inheritance and extends keyword and solved questions on it.\
b. Learnt and solved questions on types of inheritance: Single, multilevel, hierarchical and hybrid inheritance.\
c. Achieved multiple inheritance with Interfaces.\
d. Solved questions on Interfaces and used implements keyword. Solved questions on book management, restuarant managemnent,
vehicle management system, bank account management, etc. using inheritance.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day12 - 10/02/25

a. Learnt about encapsulation, polymorphism and it's types, abstract classes and abstract methods.\
b. Leanrnt about interfaces and solved questions on it.\
c. Did codes on  Employee Management System, E-Commerce Platform,Vehicle Rental System, Banking System, 
Library Management System, Online Food Delivery System, Hospital Patient Management,Ride-Hailing Application.\
d. Used concept of encapsulation, polymorphism, abstraction on the above questions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day13 - 12/02/25

a. Learnt about Data Structures in java.\
b. Learnt about linear, hierarchical, graph, hash-Based and advanced data structures.\
c. Learnt about Linked list and its types:- Singly, doubly, circular linked list.\
d. Solved questions on all singly, doubly, circular linked list like :- Student Record Management,
Movie Management System, Task Scheduler, etc.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day14 - 13/02/25

a. Learnt about Stack and Queues and solved questions like implementing Queue using stack,Sort a Stack Using Recursion,
    etc.
b. Learnt about HashMap and Hash Functions and solved questions like Target sum, Two sum, etc.
c. Learnt about java inbuilt Data structures stack, queue , hashmap in collection framework.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Added: Day-15 Assignment with updated README

README.md, after:

# BridgeLabz_2115000281

Day1 - 19/01/25

a. Learned to print message in java.\
b. Learned to add numbers in java by taking user input.\
c. Learned to convert Celsius into Fahrenheit in java by taking user input.\
d. Learned to find area of circle in java by taking user input.\
e. Learned to find volume of cylinder in java by taking user input.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day2 - 22/01/25

a. Did basic programming\
b. Learned and practiced about user input\
c. Learnt how to code programs for area of triangle, conversions in km-miles, etc in java.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day3 - 23/01/25

a. Learnt about conditionals and solved question related to it.\ 
b. Learnt about loops - while, do-while and for loop. Also solved question.\
c. Solved queations related to operators and learnt using logical operators in loops and if-else.\
d. Solved queations on nested loops, nested if-else.\
e. Learnt about switch-case and also solved a question on it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day4 - 25/01/25

a. Learnt about arrays and it's different datatypes.\
b. learnt about properties and inbuilt-methods of array and practiced questions about it.\
c. Learnt about 2D arrays and its properties and used it to solve problems.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day5 - 28/01/25

a. Learnt about methods in java.\
b. Learnt about user-defined methods and in-built methods\
c. Used in-built methods like Math.pow, Math.random, Math.sqrt\
d. Learnt recursion and used it in the code.\
e. Did complex and lengthy codes like matrix operation.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day6 - 29/01/25

a. Learnt about Strings and practiced some problems.\
b. Learnt about in-built functions of strings such as length(), charAt(), indexOf(), etc. \
c. Solved problems on strings with and without in-built functions of strings.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day7 - 31/01/25

a. Learnt about basic OOPs concepts like class, objects, encapsulation, polymorphism, etc.\
b. Solved Questions on OOPs problems\
c. Explored how Oops can be used in real development.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day8 - 02/02/25

a. Learnt difference between class variables and instance variables.\
b. Solved questions on class variables and instance variables.\
c. Learnt about "extends" keyword for inheritance and solved questions on it.\
d. Learnt about classes and subclasses while solving questions on inheritance.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day9 - 04/02/25

a. Learnt about this, static and final keywords and used them in solving questions.\
b. Learnt about instanceOf operator to check whether an object is member of a class or not.\
c. Made classes like BankAccount, Employee, Student, Book, Product, Vehicle and Patient to solve questions on
Bank Account System, Employee Management System, Student Management System, Library Management System,
Shopping Cart System,  University Student Management,  Vehicle Registration System, Hospital Management System.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day10 - 06/02/25

a. Learnt about object diagram, class diagram and sequence diagram.\
b. Practiced object, class and sequence diagrams on complex problems like School Result Application and
Grocery Store Bill Generation Application.\
c. Solved complex problems and wrote codes which involved topics like Assosiation, Aggregation and Composition on 
problems like  E-commerce Platform with Orders, Customers, and Products ;
University Management System ; Hospital Management System , Library Management System, etc. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day11 - 07/02/25

a. Learnt about inheritance and extends keyword and solved questions on it.\
b. Learnt and solved questions on types of inheritance: Single, multilevel, hierarchical and hybrid inheritance.\
c. Achieved multiple inheritance with Interfaces.\
d. Solved questions on Interfaces and used implements keyword. Solved questions on book management, restuarant managemnent,
vehicle management system, bank account management, etc. using inheritance.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day12 - 10/02/25

a. Learnt about encapsulation, polymorphism and it's types, abstract classes and abstract methods.\
b. Leanrnt about interfaces and solved questions on it.\
c. Did codes on  Employee Management System, E-Commerce Platform,Vehicle Rental System, Banking System, 
Library Management System, Online Food Delivery System, Hospital Patient Management,Ride-Hailing Application.\
d. Used concept of encapsulation, polymorphism, abstraction on the above questions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day13 - 12/02/25

a. Learnt about Data Structures in java.\
b. Learnt about linear, hierarchical, graph, hash-Based and advanced data structures.\
c. Learnt about Linked list and its types:- Singly, doubly, circular linked list.\
d. Solved questions on all singly, doubly, circular linked list like :- Student Record Management,
Movie Management System, Task Scheduler, etc.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day14 - 13/02/25

a. Learnt about Stack and Queues and solved questions like implementing Queue using stack,Sort a Stack Using Recursion,
    etc.\
b. Learnt about HashMap and Hash Functions and solved questions like Target sum, Two sum, etc.\
c. Learnt about java inbuilt Data structures stack, queue , hashmap in collection framework.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Day15 - 14/02/25

a. Learnt about sorting algorithms like bubble sort, merge sort, quick sort, selection sort,
   insertion sort, heap sort and counting sort.\
b. Solved questions and learnt about the time complexity and space complexity of all the sorting algorithms.\
c. Solved questions like Sort Student Marks, Sort Employee IDs, Sort an Array of Book Prices, etc. with the help of 
   above sorting algorithms.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
